feat(audio): add an option to disable sound streaming (#3833)
LizardByte/Sunshine: docs/configuration.md

    </tr>
</table>

### stream_audio

<table>
    <tr>
        <td>Description</td>
        <td colspan="2">

>             Weather to Stream Audio or Not, Disabling this can be useful for streaming headless displays as second monitors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            Whether to atream audio or not. Disabling this can be useful for streaming headless displays as second monitors.
```

>             This option allows to disable streaming audio completely, useful for streaming of headless displays as second monitors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            This option allows to disable streaming audio completely, useful for streaming of headless displays as second monitors.
```

Reviewer: Perhaps the wording should more closely match what's in the UI?
